Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 238 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?


Friend_overlap function essentially tells you the number of friends commonly followed by two users. In this instance, Jill Stein and Gary Johnson have many more commonly followed people than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. Although this statistic might be thought of as an indicator of the common interests of two people, this approach could be quite misleading because the number of people followed by Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are 1649 and 3488 , whereas Hillary Clinton only follows 770 and Donald Trump at mere 45. Hence, the probability of Jill Stein and Gary Johnson having more common friends are very large compared to Hillary Clinton and Donald trump. 

In my opinion , a better fix towards the approach would be to create a ratio of number of ( friend_overlap / total number of friends ) for doing the similarity analysis. 

For example , for Dr Jill Stein and Gary Johnson , the similarity ratio  would be 238 / ( 1649 + 3488 ) = 0.046
              for Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, the similarity ratio would be 1 / (770 + 45 ) = 0.00122
              





2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.



The user followed by both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump is the WhiteHouse. WhiteHouse office is the official residence and work place of the President of the United States. Both Hillary and Trump were presidential candidates for 2016 , and have followed White House since it serves both their common interests.









3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

 If we leaf through the accounts followed by Donald trump ( it is easy to do so manually since it is less than 50) , we could find that Donald trump is following mostly his close family, friends in journalism and his own establishments. In the mean time, Gray Johnson appears to follow people from all walks of life through his twitter. Hence it could be surmised that Donald trump uses twitter mostly to communicate with his friends than to follow up with his friends ( 36.9k tweets), while Gary Johnson uses the twitter to communicate and receive updates from his followers. 
 
 This could be also found in the frequent word counts in recent tweets by both the candidates. The word "rt" for retweet is occuring mostly in Gary Johnson's posts than Donald trump, showing that he is following and retweeting his friend's tweets. (Analysis details provided below)
 
 Donald Trumps tweets
 
 found 1624 unique terms in 200 tweets
Out[117]:
[('the', 189),
 ('to', 108),
 ('of', 88),
 ('and', 78),
 ('a', 60),
 ('in', 49),
 ('is', 48),
 ('for', 48),
 ('our', 45),
 ('are', 42)]
 
 
 Gary Johnson's tweets
 
 found 1169 unique terms in 199 tweets
Out[119]:
[('in', 65),
 ('the', 63),
 ('rt', 53),
 ('#johnsonweld', 53),
 ('to', 50),
 ('for', 46),
 ('#youin?', 33),
 ('join', 30),
 ('a', 29),
 ('details-', 28)]
 
 
 This apparent disparity in numbers between the candidates could lead  to erroneous conclusions regarding the comparison analysis between the candidates , especially in terms of understanding their common and unique interests. ( Even though the very lack of number of people followed by Trump leads to certain conclusions regarding his personality - which could be his disinterest towards various topics and his conflicting ideas with journalism , science and media ) 








4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

Donal Trump follows 45 people in his twitter account . In a 15 minute window , twitter allows to fetch friend ids for 15 people. so to get the friend ids of all 45 people , it would take

total number of time windows required = 45 / 15 = 3 windows = 45 minutes. Actually it would be less than 45 minutes , since you would be able to access the final 15 friend ids in less than 15 minutes in that particular window. So if we allow 1 second for fetching friend ids for one friend, then total time for getting final list of 15 friends = 15 seconds. Addinga buffer of 5 more seconds,

total time = 30 minutes + ( 20 seconds ) . Hence the total time would be within 31 minutes.
